# Soundscape-Narrative
Composing Digital Media Project1

This is a soundscape narrative project that I am doing for my Composing Digital Media Class at the University of Pittsburgh. I came up with the idea of documenting my brother Kai and the sounds he makes/interacts with. I wanted to share with the world what it is like to live with him because I think he is extremely unique. This project is also intended to be a love letter for him because he just adores hearing his own voice, so I made this with the hopes he will listen too. He is intellectually and physically disabled, but he still has a lot of joy in his heart. Most of the noises he makes are made with the intent to make others laugh. In other instances, the noises he makes can be a distraction to those in my household who are trying to do work. I used one sourced sound for this project, and the rest I recorded myself. The recording process was quite difficult, because at the time my brother was sick and he was having a lot of meltdowns I did not feel comfortable recording. I also had Covid when this project was first assigned, so I got a late start on my recording process. While recording, I ended up catching whatever my brother possibly had and it put me out of commission practically for a week. Regardless, I was able to get all the sounds I needed for this project. There are four parts to this narrative. The first part is just a basic introduction to the narrative. The second part is all about the noises Kai makes while he is at home. The third part is focused on Kai when he is out for a car ride, and the fourth part is his bedtime routine. It's worth noting that each section has a corresponding voiceover that gives background information on Kai and the sounds. I hope you enjoy!

